Hello world my name is Abhinaya and I am the best at making coding projects!
I am trying to apply for Amazon and I really hope I get this internship.
Always try your best in life and keep going.
Life is too short to waste your time, money or energy.
Live your life to the fullest and make your soul happy.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A watched pot never boils.
The stars twinkled like diamonds in the night sky.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
The early bird catches the worm.
Actions speak louder than words.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Dream big and dare to fail.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
What we think, we become.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.